tikv: add doc for new config `max-apply-unpersisted-log-limit` (#17857) (#18049)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

+ Default value: `"30s"`
+ Minimum value: `0`

### `max-apply-unpersisted-log-limit` <span class="version-mark">New in v8.1.0</span>

> + The maximum number of committed but not persisted Raft logs that can be applied.
> 
>     + Setting this configuration item to a value greater than `0` enables the TiKV node to apply committed but not persisted Raft logs in advance, effectively reducing long-tail latency caused by IO jitter on that node. However, it might also increase the memory usage of TiKV and the disk space occupied by Raft logs.
>     + Setting this configuration item to `0` disables this feature, meaning that TiKV must wait until Raft logs are both committed and persisted before applying them. This behavior is consistent with the behavior before v8.2.0.
> 
> + Default value: `1024`
> + Minimum value: `0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:**
>
> This feature is experimental. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment.

+ The maximum number of committed but not persisted Raft logs that can be applied.

    + Setting this configuration item to a value greater than `0` enables the TiKV node to apply committed but not persisted Raft logs in advance, effectively reducing long-tail latency caused by IO jitter on that node. However, it might also increase the memory usage of TiKV and the disk space occupied by Raft logs.

+ Default value: `0`
+ Minimum value: `0`
```

+ Default value: `"30s"`
+ Minimum value: `0`

### `max-apply-unpersisted-log-limit` <span class="version-mark">New in v8.1.0</span>

> **Warning:**
>

> > This feature is experimental. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The feature controlled by this variable is not fully functional in the current TiDB version. Do not change the default value.
```

+ The maximum number of committed but not persisted Raft logs that can be applied.

>     + Setting this configuration item to a value greater than `0` enables the TiKV node to apply committed but not persisted Raft logs in advance, effectively reducing long-tail latency caused by IO jitter on that node. However, it might also increase the memory usage of TiKV and the disk space occupied by Raft logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    + Setting this configuration item to a value greater than `0` enables the TiKV node to apply committed but not persisted Raft logs in advance, effectively reducing long-tail latency caused by IO jitter on that node. However, it might also increase the memory usage of TiKV and the disk space occupied by Raft logs.
    + Setting this configuration item to `0` disables this feature, meaning that TiKV must wait until Raft logs are both committed and persisted before applying them. This behavior is consistent with the behavior before v8.2.0.
```

+ Default value: `"30s"`
+ Minimum value: `0`

### `max-apply-unpersisted-log-limit` <span class="version-mark">New in v8.1.0</span>

> **Warning:**
>
> The feature controlled by this variable is not fully functional in the current TiDB version. Do not change the default value.

+ The maximum number of committed but not persisted Raft logs that can be applied.

    + Setting this configuration item to a value greater than `0` enables the TiKV node to apply committed but not persisted Raft logs in advance, effectively reducing long-tail latency caused by IO jitter on that node. However, it might also increase the memory usage of TiKV and the disk space occupied by Raft logs.

>     + Setting this configuration item to `0` disables this feature, meaning that TiKV must wait until Raft logs are both committed and persisted before applying them. This behavior is consistent with the behavior before v8.2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    + Setting this configuration item to `0` disables this feature, meaning that TiKV must wait until Raft logs are both committed and persisted before applying them. This default behavior is consistent with the behavior before v8.1.0.
```
